Weekly meeting to discuss updates and upcoming work on ISIS Autoreduction.
Please fill in your section with any updates you have made in Autoreduction since the last meeting – this can be blank if you have been away/working on other projects. Additionally please add points to both general discussion and any other business if you wish to raise anything in advance.

This week’s work updates
========================

**Anders**
* 

**Elliot**
* Finalising release
* Merge master back to dev
* Monitoring services

**George**
* 


General discussion points
=========================

* Official autoreduction-support@stfc.ac.uk email address?
* How was smoke testing? Feedback for next time?

* [Calibration file RB number issue](https://github.com/ISISScientificComputing/autoreduce/issues/180)


Working on next week
====================

**Anders**
* 

**Elliot**
* 

**George**
* 

