Weekly meeting to discuss updates and upcoming work on ISIS Autoreduction.
Please fill in your section with any updates you have made in Autoreduction since the last meeting – this can be blank if you have been away/working on other projects. Additionally please add points to both general discussion and any other business if you wish to raise anything in advance.

This week’s work updates
========================

**Anders**
* *Work carried out by Anders*

**Elliot**
* Complete all pylint tasks (pending PR merging) 

**George**
* *Work carried out by George*


General discussion points
=========================

* Pylint issues
* Test coverage builds with coveralls
* David's last meeting - Thanks you for all the work!


* Try to run with functional account on production and dev (accounts should be harmonised)

Working on next week
====================

**Anders**
* 

**Elliot**
* Total scattering
* PR reviews

**George**
* 
