Weekly meeting to discuss updates and upcoming work on ISIS Autoreduction.
Please fill in your section with any updates you have made in Autoreduction since the last meeting – this can be blank if you have been away/working on other projects. Additionally please add points to both general discussion and any other business if you wish to raise anything in advance.

This week’s work updates
========================

**Anders**
* 

**Elliot**
* First draft of autoreduction presentation
* Service monitoring
* Room booking now prefer R1 meeting rooms where possible

**George**
* 

General discussion points
=========================

* Same file access issue as last cycle 
  * Strategy to deal with this:
    * Continue to investigate root cause
    * Part time mitigation -> add sleep on scripts (not ideal - but could be short term solution) 
  

Working on next week
====================

**Anders**
* 

**Elliot**
* Make meeting for discussion with POLARIS
  * Continue to work on slides
* Monitoring autoreduction

**George**
* 

